Quick fixes and typos (#113)
MystenLabs/move-book: book/src/programmability/events.md

// File: sui-framework/sources/event.move
module sui::event;

/// Emit a custom Move event, sending the data off-chain.
///

> /// Used for creating custom indexes and tracking onchain

Reviewer: ```suggestion
/// Used for creating custom indexes and tracking on-chain
```
not sure if this is consistent as is across the doc set but should matchy matchy with L16 at least.
